Organization and auto-gen improvements to command doc (#12)
nimbella/docs: apache-based/README.md

# Documents based on Apache OW Documents

> This directory contains material developed using the Apache OW documents of the same names as a base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains material developed using the Apache OpenWhisk documents of the same names as a base, and adapted for the Nimbella cloud.
```

> I don't know how useful they will be.  The attempt was to adopt thes documents while adjusting them to Nimbella Corp. realities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
